rpa is the software
technology tsdoiioiijhat performs transactional
activities in I.T. applications in the way
a user would,
all RPA applications have the following
structure,
a digital input of structured data
and a process logic based on rurals,
conditions, loops, etc.
to act on the data received?
A software robot has the great advantage
of being much faster than
a human when carrying out tasks.
Let's see.
And they don't get sick,
don't take vacations,
can work 24 hours a day,
seven days a week,
can be replicated for greater speed,
can work from any location, minimize
risks as they are less prone to errors.
The possibilities of RPA are practically
endless since they can address
any sequence of tasks.
For example, a can opener emails,
log in applications, read databases,
access files, perform calculations,
fill out forms, etc.
.
Therefore, the scope for technology is any
department or sector that uses
office and I.T. applications.
But not everything is bad for the worker.
Now employees can dedicate their time
to generating added value for the company,
focusing on problem solving,
managing exceptions, developing strategy,
creative improvements.
RPA is becoming established as another
technology to help companies achieve
a successful digital transformation
and remain competitive in the market.